Docs front page overhaul (#2569)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides/enable_livepatch.md

Canonical livepatch enabled.
```

> ## Check Livepatch status after installation
> To check the status of the Livepatch client once it has been installed use the
> following command:

Reviewer: We're working to surface the most important information up through `pro status`, so this should be more like
```suggestion
## Check Livepatch status after installation
If you're interested in the detailed status of the Livepatch client once it has been installed use the
following command:
```

```console
$ sudo canonical-livepatch status
```

### Unsupported kernels

Although you can enable Livepatch on an unsupported kernel, since patches are
kernel-specific, you will not receive any updates from Livepatch if your kernel
is not supported. The `canonical-livepatch status` command will warn you if
your kernel is unsupported (output truncated for brevity):

```console
...
server check-in: succeeded
kernel state: ✗ kernel not supported by Canonical 
patch state: ✓ no livepatches needed for this kernel yet

> ...

Reviewer: This works, but `pro status` will give livepatch a "warning" status and include a detailed message if you're on an unsupported kernel, so we should probably point that out first

Author: It doesn't on mine - I'm on an unsupported kernel but I only get the warning from `canonical-livepatch status`, but I get no warnings with pro status

Author: Resolving, this was a "me" problem, it turns out

```

You can also check [the support matrix](https://ubuntu.com/security/livepatch/docs/kernels)
to see if your kernel is supported by Livepatch. To find out more, refer to
this explanation of
[how Livepatch works](https://ubuntu.com/security/livepatch/docs/livepatch/explanation/howitworks).

## How to disable Livepatch

Enabling Livepatch installs the Livepatch client as snap package, and there are
a few possible ways to disable it. To stop the service, follow this short guide
on [how to disable the client](https://ubuntu.com/security/livepatch/docs/livepatch/how-to/disable)

> from the Livepatch documentation.

Reviewer: The linked article is more "How to configure livepatch to not automatically apply patches" and isn't analogous to the "How to disable" sections of our other services.

We can reference that document, but our "How to disable" should essentially be `pro disable livepatch` with an optional second step of `snap remove canonical-livepatch`.

Author: Oops, yes, that was me copying the wrong link - sorry!

Author: Good note, I've reworked the paragraph and hopefully it's better!

## Notes

- For more information about the Livepatch client, refer to the 
  [official Livepatch client documentation](https://ubuntu.com/security/livepatch/docs).

- Livepatch is not compatible with FIPS-certified kernels or with the
  Real-Time Kernel, and should not be enabled if you wish to use those services.

>   If Livepatch is enabled and you try to enable those other services, you will
>   need to disable Livepatch first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If Livepatch is enabled and you try to enable those other services, `pro` will prompt and offer to
  disable Livepatch first.
```

Author: Good note, thanks!
